# Data_Base
## 1. What do you understand By Database?
## Ans=A database is information that is set up for easy access, management and updating the data.
## 2.What is Normalization? 
## Ans=Database normalization or database normalisation is the process of structuring a relational database in accordance with a series of so-called normal forms in order to reduce data redundancy and improve data integrity. It was first proposed by British computer scientist Edgar F. Codd as part of his relational model.
## 3.What is Difference between DBMS and RDBMS? 
## Ans=DBMS stands for Database Management System, and RDBMS is the acronym for the Relational Database Management system. In DBMS, the data is stored as a file, whereas in RDBMS, data is stored in the form of tables.
## 4.What is MF Cod Rule of RDBMS Systems? 
## Ans=Codd's twelve rules are a set of thirteen rules (numbered zero to twelve) proposed by Edgar F. Codd, a pioneer of the relational model for databases, designed to define what is required from a database management system in order for it to be considered relational, i.e., a relational database management system (RDBMS).
## 5. What do you understand By Data Redundancy?
## Ans=Data redundancy occurs when the same piece of data exists in multiple places, whereas data inconsistency is when the same data exists in different formats in multiple tables. Unfortunately, data redundancy can cause data inconsistency, which can provide a company with unreliable and/or meaningless information.
## 6.What is DDL Interpreter? 
## Ans=DDL Interpreter: It processes the DDL statements into a set of table containing meta data (data about data). Embedded DML Pre-compiler: It processes DML statements embedded in an application program into procedural calls. Query Optimizer: It executes the instruction generated by DML Compiler.
## 7.What is DML Compiler in SQL? 
## Ans=DML Compiler: It processes the DML statements into low level instruction (machine language), so that they can be executed. DDL Interpreter: It processes the DDL statements into a set of table containing meta data (data about data).
## 8.What is SQL Key Constraints writing an Example of SQL Key Constraints 
## Ans=SQL constraints are used to specify rules for the data in a table. Constraints are used to limit the type of data that can go into a table. This ensures the accuracy and reliability of the data in the table. If there is any violation between the constraint and the data action, the action is aborted.
## 9. What is trigger and how to create a Trigger in SQL?  
## Ans=A trigger is a special type of stored procedure that automatically runs when an event occurs in the database server. DML triggers run when a user tries to modify data through a data manipulation language (DML) event. DML events are INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statements on a table or view.
